# COMP610-Stable-Matching

Idea:Given an instance of StableMatching determine the number of stable matches.

Input Format:The input file will be called input1.txt and be in the same directory as the java and class files.
Line 0 will be a single integer n, the number of men (or women).  Lines 1 to n will be the preferences of the n men
where each line is a space seperated permutation of{1,2, . . . , n}.  Linesn+ 1 to n+n will be the preferences of the
n women where each line is a space seperated permutation of {1,2, . . . , n}.

Output:A single number which is the number of different stable matches.

Examples: see input1.txt input2.txt

Details:The program must be written in Java.  The program must compile with the command javac *.java and run with the command java Project1.  The program should be reasonably commented, indented, structured.  The program should be submitted by placing all files in a directory named after you, zipping this directory and submitting via canvas (ie if the professor was submitting then all files would be placed in a directory called JohnNoga, this directory would be zipped, and uploaded in canvas).How:This is for you to determine.  Obviously you could generate all n! matches, determine which are stable, and keep a count.  However, there are more sophisticated ways which will generally run much faster.  For example, you could find the match generated by men proposing and the match generated by women proposing.  If mi is matchedto his jthchoice when men propose and to his kthchoice when women propose then any matching that pairs mi with a woman better than his jth choice or worse than his kth choice is not stable and does not need to be considered.
